Update token setting for delegate kubernetes yaml (#531)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/2_Delegates/secure-delegates/secure-delegates-with-tokens.md

Edit the **harness-delegate.yaml** you downloaded originally with the new token and then run `kubectl apply -f harness-delegate.yaml` to restart the Delegate pods.

> Paste the token in the Delegate `UPGRADER_TOKEN` setting in the `Secret` spec and `DELEGATE_TOKEN` setting setting in the `Secret` spec:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paste the token into delegate `spec` of the `Secret`, in the `UPGRADER_TOKEN` field. Then paste the token into the specification of the `Secret` in the `DELEGATE_TOKEN` field. 
```
